(Done) fix feature : connect supabase to this project.
(Done) fix feature : add follow and add all updates. but still not working... error encounter "save failed. check the console".
(Done)error encouter : save failed, check console. but when i check the console. no error has been dected.

(ongoing)add new feature : add responsiveness from xxsmall-screen, xsmall-screen cellphone, small-screen cellphone, meduim-screen tablet, big-screen laptop, super-big-screen.

(Done)fix feature : background animate is not smooth. 

(Done)add new feature : each month card have different animate background.

add new feature : always check if supabase connection is strong. if not then the whole web app cannot be use. Display on Web app, ongoing-maintenance. 

(done)update feature : And Hide the class "db-status-label"
(done)connection web app to firebase DB. Remove supabase

(done)add new feature : on class "bk-summary-card". Give user options : Edit or View.
If user choose Edit re-open the new booking section with previous data.
If user choose view. only for viewing.

(done)add new feature : right side align to Extra pax, put How much per head: user input (optional).
right side align to Total pets, put How much per pet: user Input(optional).
below Total field display the additional. once user input the final total recalculate if (total + How much per pet + How much per head).

(Done)add new feature : Always check Check-In-Time of user. 
If User Put check-in-Time in between 8AM and 11AM. Day Tour,  Overnight are the only available Mark the date as yellow can still accept Night-Tour, Overnight. 
If User put check-in-time in between 11:30AM and 2PM of the current date. Night Tour, Overnight are the only available, Check-out-date will be on the same day, Mark the date as red and remove the new booking btn.
if User put check-in-time 2PM onwards Night Tour, Overnight are the only available option, and user chooses Night-Tour Check-out-date will be on the Next day, and user chooses Over-night Check-out-date will be on the Next day, Mark the date as red and remove the new booking btn.

add new feature : 1 time auto save and connect on firebase database.
(Done) add new feature : allow user to see the data analysis in each month, 12 month data analysis. with graps, icons, smooth animation.

(Done)add new feature : Give user option of 3days and 2nights. 3days from the selected date. (Check-out-time: 21+21hours+check-in-time).


add new feature : When user put check-in-date is Feb 2, 2026 (Overnight), Put red tag on the date. And put a yellow tag on the next day.

add new feature : If user put check-in-date is Feb 2, 2026 (3Days and 2Nights), Put red tag on the selected date and next day (Feb 3, 2026). 
And put a yellow tag on the third day (Feb 4, 2026). Summary card From Feb 2 - 4, 2026 are all the same.

add new feature : seperate the bookingJS to firebase ConnectionJS. To avoid any changes from firebase connection.


tutorial : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_ud_9imKjg